packages/utilities/README.md, before:

# `@kinematic-lab/utilities` <!-- omit in toc -->

Blazingly-fast utilties for working with the future `@kinematic-lab` packages and general transitions in JavaScript ⚡

Note that `@kinematic-lab/utilities` is **not** a full framework for crafting animations, but instead a set of tools focusing on quality-of-life when working with pure JavaScript transitions, from simple scroll-animations to three-dimensional-crazyness.

<br />

## Table of contents <!-- omit in toc -->

-   [Relevant links](#relevant-links)
-   [Installation](#installation)
    -   [Using PNPM](#using-pnpm)
    -   [Using NPM](#using-npm)
    -   [Using Yarn](#using-yarn)
-   [Modules](#modules)
    -   [Lab.Clock](#labclock)
    -   [Lab.CubicBezier](#labcubicbezier)

<br />

## Relevant links

See changelogs: [here](https://github.com/kinematic-lab/core/tree/main/packages/utilities/CHANGELOG.md).<br />
See npm: [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@kinematic-lab/utilities).

<br />

## Installation

To use `@kinematic-lab/utilities` in your project, you must first install it as a dependency. You can do this by running the following command in your terminal:

<br />

### Using PNPM

```shell
$ pnpm i @kinematic-lab/utilities
```

<br />

### Using NPM

```shell
$ npm i @kinematic-lab/utilities
```

<br />

### Using Yarn

```shell
$ yarn add @kinematic-lab/utilities
```

<br />

## Modules

### Lab.Clock

See full documentation: [here](https://github.com/kinematic-lab/core/tree/main/packages/utilities/docs/lab-clock.md).

### Lab.CubicBezier

See full documentation: [here](https://github.com/kinematic-lab/core/tree/main/packages/utilities/docs/lab-cubic-bezier.md).

Commit message:

docs(`packages/utilities`): added `lab-vector` to `README.md`

packages/utilities/README.md, after:

# `@kinematic-lab/utilities` <!-- omit in toc -->

Utilties for working with the future `@kinematic-lab` packages and general transitions in JavaScript ⚡

Note that `@kinematic-lab/utilities` is **not** a full framework for crafting animations, but instead a set of tools focusing on quality-of-life when working with pure JavaScript transitions, from bezier implementations to vector implementations.

<br />

## Table of contents <!-- omit in toc -->

-   [Relevant links](#relevant-links)
-   [Installation](#installation)
    -   [Using PNPM](#using-pnpm)
    -   [Using NPM](#using-npm)
    -   [Using Yarn](#using-yarn)
-   [Modules](#modules)
    -   [Lab.Clock](#labclock)
    -   [Lab.CubicBezier](#labcubicbezier)
    -   [Lab.Vector](#labvector)

<br />

## Relevant links

See changelogs: [here](https://github.com/kinematic-lab/core/tree/main/packages/utilities/CHANGELOG.md).<br />
See npm: [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@kinematic-lab/utilities).

<br />

## Installation

To use `@kinematic-lab/utilities` in your project, you must first install it as a dependency. You can do this by running the following command in your terminal:

<br />

### Using PNPM

```shell
$ pnpm i @kinematic-lab/utilities
```

<br />

### Using NPM

```shell
$ npm i @kinematic-lab/utilities
```

<br />

### Using Yarn

```shell
$ yarn add @kinematic-lab/utilities
```

<br />

## Modules

### Lab.Clock

See full documentation: [here](https://github.com/kinematic-lab/core/tree/main/packages/utilities/docs/lab-clock.md).

### Lab.CubicBezier

See full documentation: [here](https://github.com/kinematic-lab/core/tree/main/packages/utilities/docs/lab-cubic-bezier.md).

### Lab.Vector

See full documentation: [here](https://github.com/kinematic-lab/core/tree/main/packages/utilities/docs/lab-vector.md).
